Add docs for Helm chart features introduced in v0.8.0 (#5825)
hashicorp/consul: website/source/docs/platform/k8s/helm.html.md

  * <a name="v-global-datacenter" href="#v-global-datacenter">`datacenter`</a> (`string: "dc1"`) - The name of the datacenter that the agent cluster should register as. This may not be changed once the cluster is bootstrapped and running, since Consul doesn't yet support an automatic way to change this value.

 * <a name="v-global-pod-security-policies" href="#v-pod-security-policies">`enablePodSecurityPolicies`</a> (`boolean: false`) -

>   This flag controls whether [PodSecurityPolicies](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/pod-security-policy/) are created

Reviewer: "PodSecurityPolicies" should either be between ticks or have spaces between the words

Author: Added ticks.

>   This flag controls whether [PodSecurityPolicies](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/pod-security-policy/) are created

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  This flag controls whether Kubernetes creates [PodSecurityPolicies](https://kubernetes.io/docs/concepts/policy/pod-security-policy/)
```

Author: Technically this is incorrect- it's the Helm chart (and this option in particular that is being described) that will control whether these get created.

Reviewer: Edited, is this more correct? I think that some of these options are configuring Kubernetes and some of them are configuring Consul, so I think its extra worth it to specify which are which.

  for the Consul components that this chart creates.

  * <a name="v-global-bootstrap-acls" href="#v-global-bootstrap-acls">`bootstrapACLs`</a> (`boolean: false`) - This flag controls

>   whether ACLs are automatically enabled within the Consul cluster. This requires both Consul servers and clients to be run within

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  whether the Helm chart automatically enables ACLs within the Consul cluster. This requires both Consul servers and clients to be run within
```

Reviewer: I'm not sure if this is correct, but in general, its best to use the active voice so that users are clear about what thing is acting upon what other thing 🙂

      The name of the private key for the certificate file within the
      `secretName` secret.

  * <a name="v-connectinject-acl-bindingrule-selector" href="#v-connectinject-acl-bindingrule-selector">`namespaceSelector`</a> (`string: "serviceaccount.name!=default"`) -

>   A [selector](/docs/acl/acl-auth-methods.html#binding-rules) for restricting automatic injection to only matching services based on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A [selector](/docs/acl/acl-auth-methods.html#binding-rules) for restricting automatic injection to only services
```

>   their associated service account. By default, services using the `default` Kubernetes service account will not have a proxy injected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 associated with a matching service account. By default, services using the `default` Kubernetes service account will not have a proxy injected.
```

Author: The way the feature was built, service names already have to match their service accounts for the Auth Method to work correctly, so this edit does not fully capture the functionality of this option. This selector allows you to include or exclude services that are associated with certain specific service accounts. One of the examples often used is to exclude any services using the `vault` service account by including a `serviceaccount.name!=vault` clause.

  * <a name="v-connectinject-centralconfig" href="#v-connectinject-centralconfig">`centralConfig`</a> - Values that configure
  Consul's [central configuration](/docs/agent/config_entries.html) feature (requires Consul v1.5+ and consul-k8s v0.8.1+).

>       - <a name="v-connectinject-centralconfig-enabled" href="#v-connectinject-centralconfig-enabled">`secretName`</a> (`string: null`) -

Reviewer: Should this really be `secretName`? That seems odd to me. If it's right, might want to do some explaining.

Author: Copy pasta error. Good catch!

Author: Fixed.

      Turns on the central configuration feature. Pods that have a Connect proxy injected will have their service
      automatically registered in this central configuration.

      - <a name="v-connectinject-centralconfig-defaultprotocol" href="#v-connectinject-centralconfig-defaultprotocol">`defaultProtocol`</a> (`string: null`) -
      If defined, this value will be used as the default protocol type for all services registered with the central configuration.
      This can be overridden by using the
      [protocol annotation](/docs/platform/k8s/connect.html#consul-hashicorp-com-connect-service-protocol)
      directly on any pod spec.

      - <a name="v-connectinject-centralconfig-proxydefaults" href="#v-connectinject-centralconfig-proxydefaults">`proxyDefaults`</a> (`string: "{}"`) -
      This value is a raw json string that will be applied to all Connect proxy sidecar pods. It can include any valid configuration
      for the configured proxy.

>         ```yaml

Reviewer: Is this little code snippet documented anywhere else? I included it in the guide but don't remember talking about it too much. Since its currently required for metrics I think we should say something about it or I should add a note about it in the guide, or both.

Author: I included this snippet only to illustrate the necessary formatting for using this option in the Helm chart. I don't think that this is the place to do any additional explanation as it won't be very discoverable. If more info is needed, it might make more sense to add it into the Kubernetes/Connect page as another subsection.

Reviewer: Sounds good
